LotteryMachine
==============
Date: 11.25.2014
Author: Gil Dekel

A school project that simulates a lottery event.
--------------
It complies to the following prompt:


Write a program that simulates a lottery event as follows. Players should each purchase a ticket at 5 dollars a piece.
A ticket has 10 empty cases ordered from 1 to 10 in which players have to enter a number between 1 and 60. A repetition
is not allowed, i.e the same number cannot be entered more than once. The player has the option of either entering
his/her choice manually or letting the machine generates 10 random numbers to fill in those empty cases.
At the end of the week, the machine will generate 10 numbers that will constitute the winning ticket. The following
prizes shall be distributed:
- **Golden Prize**: A player has a ticket that is a perfect match with the winning ticket, i.e they must match position per position. The value of this prize is 100 dollars.

- **Silver Prize**: A player’s ticket matches the winning ticket in exactly 9 positions exactly. The value of this prize is 70 dollars.

- **Bronze Prize**: A player has picked the same family of numbers as the winning ticket but those numbers are not in the same order. The value of this prize is 40 dollars.

- **Lucky 10 Prize**: A player must have picked in his/her 10th position a number that is equal to the last 2 digits of the sum of all the numbers that appear on the winning ticket. The value of this prize is 5 dollars.

Assume that all the tickets that were sold were auto generated by the machine. Your program should display the following:

- The number of sold tickets.
- All the winning tickets and their prices.
- The total amount of prizes that has been distributed vs the total amount of tickets sold. Assume that if 2 or more players win the same prize,they will each receive the value displayed.
